Make OIDC HTTP request timeout configurable, release v1.0.0 (#213)
famedly/uia-proxy: README.md

Nothing deleted.
````

### Working with project in Visual Studio Code
The config files in `.vscode` folder provide useful settings for running the tests and debugging the project in VS Code.

<details>
<summary>Click to see details.</summary>

You may need to install the ['Mocha Test explorer'](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hbenl.vscode-mocha-test-adapter) extension, which supports also the monorepo project layout.

<img src=".vscode/doc/images/testing.png" alt="Testing view in VS Code"/>

> This will give you the possibility to run any test or testsuit (A) and see the results directly in the source (B). Corresponding settings are in (1,2 and 3). If you need to finetune some deep Mocha setting by monkey patching, do it in `.mocharc.js` (4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will give you the possibility to run any test or test suite (A) and see the results directly in the source (B). Corresponding settings are in (1, 2 and 3). If you need to fine-tune some deep Mocha setting by monkey patching, do it in `.mocharc.js` (4).
```

> With the run configuration '**Mocha tests**' (provided in `launch.json`) you can also start debugging session (C) for both of the project code and tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the run configuration '**Mocha tests**' (provided in `launch.json`) you can also start debugging session (C) for both the project code and tests.
```
